Hello!

TL;DR-haiku

  Open source contribs
  On your time? You get money!
  Details: out of space:(

---

Futurice will start incenvi... intenciviz... sponsoring free time open source contributions by 
full-time employees (*). Like the sports vouchers, but open source, and without the stupid vouchers.

Why would the company do this?

  By being active in the open source scene, people improve their skills at an alarming pace.
  Being a rare benefit, it should give us some recruitment edge. 
  It's the right thing to do, as Futurice benefits greatly from OSS.

Why should you participate?

  Open source gives you a chance to improve your skills (at an alarming pace).
  While you get wicked good, you are marketing your skills at the same time.
  Now you can also make some extra cheddar by doing so. It's a sweet deal!

Is this only for programmers?

  No, open source needs more than code, design being obvious, but there’s more!  
  Providing some pointers on how to get started is in the works; not limited to just coding. 

The compensation is a flat €15 (or local currency equivalent) for an hour spent. A maximum of 30 
hours per calendar month is compensated to an individual. 

The trial period for this incentive is 20141101-20150331 (retroactive, yes). There's a budget cap 
for the trial period. That's €45000, which equals 3000 hours of total contributions. If it runs 
out we'll see what happens. This is a trial, which means the initiative might cease to exist after 
March, or the specifics may change. 

Any open source contributions are acceptable, including both the existing and new projects. They 
don't need to be related to Futurice. This is not work, so Futurice has no IPR claim whatsoever. 

To be eligible you'll simply report the contributions by sending an email to a dedicated Flow 
([email address omitted]). Please also join the flow!

In the email you name the project, hours you have spent and a link to the relevant commit/PR/whatever. 

Example:

  mail [email address omitted]

  _viewports.scss, 4 hours, https://github.com/jareware/viewports/commit/e8319216bb2f261ad83aa112333a3a2c8bb530ca

The Clerk will collect these from the Flow and send to the payroll monthly. 

The Clerk will also report the usage/remaining budget to the flow. 

For now, I am The Clerk. 

We might want to list the “sponsored projects” on the company open source program site 
(http://www.spiceprogram.org), please let us know if that's not cool. It's not mandatory to include yours.

A quick recap, in solid monospace! Details also available in Confluence.

- open source contributions on your own time will be sponsored
- any project is fine
- 15 euros per hour
- max 30 hours a month
- only full-timers can get it (except in Germany and Switzerland)
- just send a mail to [email address omitted]
- include the project, hours and links to PR/commit
- no other hour reporting needed

(*) Why full-time only? That sucks.

Yes, it kind of does. It would be awesome to find a model where this works for part-time employees as well. 
Being able to work a 4-day week is in itself a benefit, considering our business model. Combining That with 
This would currently make an unrealistic benefit. I'll be more than happy to discuss this.

Note that in Germany and Switzerland the regulations are such that the full-time limitation cannot apply. 
Hence, in those countries, the mostly imaginary part-time employees get this benefit pro rata.

Greetz: mkir & vtai (this is what we should do), ojar (this is how we should do it), lsnj & mvii (let’s do 
this!), amed & ilau & jkro & jara & jvah & kpup & oaho & ogre & tpaa & ykar (yes, we should, but do consider 
these), mgmt & HR (ok, let’s), epan & ipor (how to navigate the regulations) and shus (your haiku is broken 
and allow me to fix some grammar).

BR
Teemu
