Hello!

There is an invitation to a flow at the end of this mail. 

We are working on the Futurice open source (and social impact) program, SPICE. 

The primary goal of the program is to be an attraction factor for Futurice employees. 
The secondary goal is to attract interesting people to become Futurice employees. 
The rest of the goals... don't matter now. 

The program consists of various initiatives, such as the ongoing Summer of Love, where 
we publish our own systems like FUM, Facegame etc. There's fun stuff like Free Beer 
(CC licensed beer, hopefully soon available. It has guarana!). There's hackathons, web 
stuff, etc. Getting OSS friendly clausules to our customer contracts. Easy potatoes.

Then there's the difficult stuff, like this: "How could Futurice support employee OSS 
contributions?" 

The current idea for piloting this is that we could have sponsored OSS projects. Each 
site gets to choose one.  I don't see why such a project would need to be "owned" or 
"managed" by us, it could be something else as well, something that already has momentum 
and someone else is driving it. Even a competitor. 

Could be a new one, old one, whatever. How to choose then? Let's not go there yet.

Futurice could then actively promote these projects, internally and externally. So that 
we'd make use of them ourselves, where feasible, and there'd be an increased chance that 
others would.  

This might be considered a benefit in itself, but now we get to the BEEF!

Let's consider a highly unlikely scenario where Jareware, as a nocturnal creature, grows 
tired of browsing Reddit and watching GoT re-runs. Instead he wants to contribute to some 
OSS project, on his free time. 

-- If he picks one of the company sponsored projects, should he receive a compensation? 
-- What kind of compensation could he receive?

Have tried to come up with a reasonable suggestion; fail.

Need ideas. Please share yours by joining the flow: "Quicksand". 

If there are ideas, sweet, if not, sadpanda, in either way the flow will be closed in a 
week or so.  Act fast!

Thanks
Teemu
